游릭 Great strategic turn-based JRPG
游릭 Good story with branching routes
游릭 Tons of playable classes
游릭 Classes has been rebalanced
游릭 Chariot Tarriot is such an awesome feature that allows you to rewind to any of the last 20 turns in the battle.
Say goodbye to making mistakes or change RNG to your favor!
游릭 Weapon skills are dope
游릭 Attacks almost never misses
游릭 Lots of super useful QOL features such as AI battle, trajectory and speed up
游릭 Easier to level up
游릭 Huge amount of contents
游릭 After finishing game, you can easily rewind to any point in the story and make a different choice

游댮 Skill card system introduced in Reborn version in battles is such an extremely terrible design choice.
It makes the battlefield look far too messy and restricts free movement as you're always forced to get those.
This has pretty much broken the core vanilla gameplay of original. It boggles my mind why they added this system,
all other changes are fine but this one is a deal breaker
游댮 Skill card system has made a lot of boss battles very difficult and extremely unfair. Th

I've played through this game several times on Super Nintendo and PSP. In this version,
it feels like all units have had HP increased threefold, but damage remains the same. This means that battles take
forever, and the end game 100 level dungeon is a slog to grind through. The best strategy seems to set up AI
efficient skills and put the controller down until the battle is over. Very disappointing.

I hate how this game cripples you, constantly. you can't recruit non-humans outside of combat. you're
arbitrarily level-capped so training doesn't matter except to bring up lost members. the class system is
stupid compared to ogre battle games of yore. then this remake of the game keeps your mp so low (without
means outside of items) that your casters are useless. your archers can't shoot through DEAD BODIES!
What happened to the tactics ogre game i knew and loved playing? This isn't an upgrade from the original game,
 it's a bastardization with a safety helmet on.